Update useful_info.md (#34)
LM-SAL/iris_muse_team_meeting: docs/useful_info.md

## Hotels

We will not book accommodation for participants.
Conference attendees are free to choose from a variety of hotels or motels located close to the conference venue, many of which are located on the N Mathilda Ave in Sunnyvale.
Facilities commonly used by SETI visitors include:

* [Sonesta ES Suites Sunnyvale – 900 Hamlin Ct, Sunnyvale, CA 94089](https://www.sonesta.com/sonesta-es-suites/ca/sunnyvale/sonesta-es-suites-sunnyvale)

> SETI institute has a negotiated rate with Sonesta, currently at $199 + tax/fees for a single suite and $249 for a double suite.

Author: ```suggestion
SETI institute has a negotiated rate with Sonesta, currently at $189 + tax/fees for a single suite and $229 for a double suite.
```
